add usage examples for building Bake files from remote Git and HTTP sources, and Raw HTTPS (#23196)
docker/docs: content/manuals/build/bake/remote-definition.md

> You can build Bake files directly from a remote Git repository or HTTPS URL:

Reviewer: I think the only change we need is to link to Build context documentation to have more detail if this is what is confusing: https://docs.docker.com/build/concepts/context/#git-repositories

```suggestion
You can build Bake files directly from a remote [Git repository](../concepts/context.md#git-repositories):
```

{{<tabs>}}

{{<tab name="Git HTTPS">}}

```console
docker buildx bake "https://github.com/docker/cli.git#v20.10.11" --print
```

{{</tab>}}

{{<tab name="Git SSH">}}

```console
$ docker buildx bake "https://github.com/docker/cli.git#v20.10.11" --print
#1 [internal] load git source https://github.com/docker/cli.git#v20.10.11
#1 0.745 e8f1871b077b64bcb4a13334b7146492773769f7       refs/tags/v20.10.11
#1 2.022 From https://github.com/docker/cli
#1 2.022  * [new tag]         v20.10.11  -> v20.10.11

> #1 DONE 2.9s

Reviewer: I prefer to keep this output to show that Git context is being checked out.

> docker buildx bake "git@github.com:docker/cli.git#v20.10.11" --print

Reviewer: Don't think this is working without SSH set-up on the machine running.

```console

> docker buildx bake "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docker/cli/v20.10.11/docker-bake.hcl" --print

Reviewer: This will not work, git context is expected
